Item 1:
Phone Book, 2007-02-26
Reviewer: John
From: Calgary
I love this phone, the slider and MP3 are so cool, but the phone book seems to be a bit small. Only being able to keep 4 entries That seems quite small for a phone quite cool. Also the fact that it's big is a problem as well. It needs to be a bit smaller and then I would be satisfied, but overall, GREAT PHONE.

So pleased, 2007-08-17
Reviewer: Sam
From: Surrey, BC
This phone is fantastic...I am not exaggerating. I sold my Palm Treo 650-too techy and didn't need all those functions. Switching to the Nokia N800 has made me fall in love with cell phones all over again The slider is smooth and oh-so-cool. The design is so simple and elegant. Get the all black design...the white one looks cheap. Clarity is perfect. Camera is pretty amazing for a phone. It does what you want it to do...which is more than what you usually get these days Only drawback is that the menu software is a little slow. This I can live with Happy Nokia days.


Item 2:
Great Phone, 2007-09-24
Reviewer: Michelle
From: Victoria, BC
I absolutely love my phone I've had it for a few months now, and I'm still discovering awesome features. the menus are customizable, easy to access and totally user friendly it is a NOKIA after all Mine has taken a few hits, and is still working like brand new. SD card is great I love having both an mp3 player, camera, calendar, phone.... all together. my ipod has stayed home ever since i got my phone. love love love it.

Very nice, 2007-12-10
Reviewer: Sean
From: Vancouver
I got this phone to replace a broken razor and I have to say that this is one of the best quality phones I have ever owned, its really easy to use and has tons of features and I'd recommend getting a 1 or 2 gig micro sd card because it only comes with a 64mb, also the phone and buttons have a solid responsive feel to them and are fully programmable.


Item 3:
best phone so far, 2007-01-15
Reviewer: Nathan
From: Victoria, BC
Awesome reception-gets reception where friends' phones don't, nice sleek look, great 2mp camera-produces amazing and huge pictures, nice large screen, user interface is good, phone lags a little when in menus, slider seems a little weak, but overall, great phone-better than any phone I've had so far.

Amazing, fantastic, theres no words to describe it, 2007-12-09
Reviewer: John
From: Ottawa, Ontario
This phone is amazing I love the design and the way it looks. Its a very unique phone because its a slider and theres not many people who I klnow that i have a slider they all have flip phones. The 2.0 megapixel camera is fantastic for taking pictures plus the reception is great. I would honestly recommened this phone if your looking to buy a phone then this is the one to get.


Item 4:
My best phone yet, 2007-03-26
Reviewer: Chris 
From: Guelph, Ontario
This phone is hands down the best I've had. That list includes a sony, a samsung, and an LG phone. The clarity is amazing, as I've never had a spot I couldn't use it yet. The camera, believe it or not, works better then my 6 mp digital camera. It's not overloaded with ridiculous features you'll never use, and navigating through the ones it comes with is extremely easy due to the large display. An excellent buy, 110 worth the money.

best nokia phone made...., 2007-10-26
Reviewer: steven
From: Maple ridge, BC
nokia 6265 this phone is dope camera is clear and video isnt lagged at all very good reception and lots of good features worth evey penny.only con to this phone is that the accessories like cases dont fit properly.


Item 5:
Luis - Brampton - 2006-10-05 - Best phone I ever used!
This is the best phone ever made. this phone is light and perfect. the talk time is really awesome. the battery life is too good. I got this phone about 4 months back, ever since this is working great. I have had some phones in past which really gave me hard time, but this phone covered all gliches and faults.... Go get one now. Luis.

Erick - Missisauga - 2007-10-02 - This phone is all right.....
This phone looks good... but there is nothing special in this phone.. really low quality in V3 in almost everything.. the battery life does not even last 1 day.. however the senior model of V3 is V3i that has iTunes and is really an awesome phone. V3i is a Good quality product overall.. I would recommend you to avoid buying V3 if you can.


Item 6:
Orange Rules!, 2007-08-25
Reviewer: Carla
From: Nova Scotia
This would be my latest of experience with phones. I like the design and overall structure. Product was the best available option, (IN MY INITIAL OPINION). The phone is of unique design with basic apps and integration. Overal I like it, BUt the only thing I absolutely hate about the damned thing, is that it makes a bizzare trail of beeps and pauses, almost like a foregn type of code. I have no idea what causes the issue, just that a cheaper phone made by samsung(my Brothers) X495 has a clean reception in the same spot(my House). Anywhere else so far the PeBl is quite clear.

Sexy sleek and recommended for anyone!, 2007-12-10
Reviewer: Steven
From: Winnipeg
I was planning on getting a phone for a while, and was excited when I stumbled upon the Moto Pebl, in a magazine. It looked so cute but sturdy and very sexy. I was very excited and jumped on my computer to research it. it was perfect for me, so I had to get it. it was perfect and I am very happy to have such a phone. I carry it everywhere and i love the camera on this particulary phone, its FANTABULOUS!!!!!


Item 7:
AWESOME, 2007-10-26
Reviewer: Tina
From: Missisauga
I absoutely love this phone. I wear two hearing aids, and i can hear perfectly. The people i'm talking to hear me perfectly, the reception is awesome. It has a little camera, takes video, bluetooth works perfectly....This samsung blows me away.

NIcee, 2007-12-10
Reviewer: Bhaven
From: Simcoe
I'm a first time owner of a cell phone even though I have used multiple phones that other people had. By far I would say that this phone is quite simple to use and is quite gud in terms of reception and in terms of battery life. I would highly recommend this phone for anybody to consider it, is definetely worth it.


Item 8:
Awesome, 2007-04-18
Reviewer: Joe
From: Peterborough, ON
Great phone, very clear recepction, and great deal, plus its super cool.

Couldnt be happier, 2007-12-10
Reviewer: Katelyn, drumheller Alberta
Bought this phone about a month ago and i dont know how to explain it. It has the clearest reception on a phone that i have ever had, it never goes fuzzy and it doesnt block out half my phone call. Its clear and the screeen in amazing. its big and sort of fat but that doesnt matter. It has an amazing camera, It is a good mp3 phone as well I have a 1gb memory card and i have about 119 songs on there but I leave space for my pictures as well. Over all this is a great phone and it has out of this world quality and I highly recommend it.


Item 9:
Great PDA, 2007-04-18
Reviewer: Marie
From: Scarborough, ON
My husband bought me this PDA. I had been wanting something like it to replace my address book and day planner. I love it! It contains everything that I need all in a pocket sized PC. My PDA is black with a very large screen that covers the entire front of it. It has a stylus for writing and clicking. The entire front is protected by a flip top cover that keeps it safe in my purse. Great PDA from Symbol, I love it!

One of a kind, 2007-12-10
Reviewer: Sandra
From: North York, ON
I use it as a planner, an alarm, an address book and more. I play games on it when I am waiting somewhere. I make lists for the grocery store. I store and share pictures with it. I can even put music or audio books onto it if I would like. I can type with a virtual keyboard, or I can use the stylus as a pen and actually write on it. It reminds me if I have a meeting. It lists the things I have to do for a particular day right on the first screen. I can password protect it. It has bluetooth capability also. With the Internet, I can send and check my email. It has so much that I can do on it and it takes up as much space in my purse as my cell phone. 


Item 10:
4 stars out of 5, 2007-05-29
Reviewer: Stephen
From: Toronto
So I've had this PDA for a month. Mostly, I love it. To be sure, the form factor is a bit chunky (but then again so is mine). The large screen makes browsing the web, reading and responding to email, and working with Word Mobile documents very easy. The slide out keyboard is easy to use and much more user-friendly than the tiny keys that were on my old Treo. The phone part is decent. No physical keys, but the display menu works reasonably well. (Not to be used while driving, however.) The unit linked easily to a bluetooth earpiece. Ditto a bluetooth keyboard. Excellent choice for a PDA.

Good buy, 2007-12-10
Reviewer: Craig
From: Hamilton
I have had the this PDA for about 2 months. I also suffer from having to frequently reboot. Dialing numbers is difficult as the on-screen number keys are not very responsive. Voice recognition repeats the name over the speakerphone before dialing which is irritating. Dialing contacts (one handed, without a stylus) is much easier if you download software to map the ptt button to your contact list, then add your most frequent contacts to the top of the list. Data connection with bluetooth is so-so. Data connection with USB is great...had no problems. I like the device itself, but I give 3 stars due to Windows Mobile software. 


Item 11:
Well Executed PPC Phone, 2007-01-03
Reviewer: Patrick
From: Montreal
I just got this on christmas and let me tell you.... The hardware itself is very impressive, they jammed many features into this thing! I am pretty happy with it. The always on data connection (get the unlimited data plan) makes having the internet and your email at your fingers at any time. Best gift I ever had from a long time.

Well Executed PPC Phone, 2007-01-03
Reviewer: Patrick
From: Montreal
I first was seduced by the Newer Treo 750, but just as I finished with the salesperson, another salesperson pulled out the  Symbol PPT8800. I knew that I had to do more research. I returned the 750 the next day and got the PPT8800. After five months, I am hooked to the PPT8800. This phone is worth every dollar. Those who complain do not know how to use a stylus or find the Microsoft commands through the PDA screen. I can send and receive e-mail with ease. The keyboard is MUCH MUCH MUCH easier to use than both the Treo or Blackberry. Messaging is less of a chore. The keyboard has an intelli-sensing word program that helps speed through texting. 
 

Item 12:
Blackberry 7250, 2007-04-15
Reviewer: Dawn, Port Alberni
Depends what you expect to use this for. As a phone it's meh so so. It's good for email and texts because of the keypad. The backlight doesn't stay on very long, battery doesn't hold a charge long after a couple months, signal sucks and can go from full to none with as much movement as an exhale. The manual that comes with it sucks the big one which leaves you with having to go online to figure out how to use all the functions on it. If you're going to use it mainly for work purposes and you're near a tower then it's great. If you're going to use it as a phone more you're better off getting a regular cell phone. It's like holding a plate up to your ear and is extremely awkward. Good luck finding different ring tones to download to it.

Works for me ...., 2007-12-10
Reviewer: K. C, Fredericton, NB
Not for everyone but an incredible tool for me. I use both data and phone services. My company has a blackberry server and Lotus Notes (one of the compatable softwares) so I automatically and wirelessly receive agenda updates, email -- and of course, good old cell phone service. Phone reception even in remote locations is as good as or better than my most recent Motorola cell. Web browsing capabilities so combersome and screen so small as to make it impractical for that purpose for me. As I said ... works well for me.




